we are known for bleeping and blurring
things unnecessarily but tonight the
bleeping will be necessary it will be
quite necessary if you're faint of heart
I'd like to ask you to cover your ears
because it's time once again for our
America's most foul-mouthed competition
celebrity kirsov is an actor producer
who do movie Horrible Bosses 2 opens
Wednesday please welcome Jennifer
Aniston
[Applause]
tonight a a surprise competitor they
work together once at one time people
would even consider them to be friends
she has a new show now it's called the
comeback which airs Sunday nights and
HBO please say hello to Lisa Kudrow
[Applause]
bubbling over ladies the rules of this
game are very simple each one of you
will have five seconds to come up with a
curse word it has to be an original
curse you can only use each word once
you can't repeat it over like if if I
say things she can't say it you can do a
variation of it but if she were to say
the f-word you may not then say the
f-word right back or we could be here
for a - it - infinite will are accepted
yes yes very good gone all night I will
be the sole judge in determining if the
word is in fact a curse which it must be
well and my decisions are final correct
Guillermo Jes Jimmy Thank You Cara okay
now we're gonna go back and forth until
somebody fails to deliver a curse word
when you're done we need once you say
your word hit this button and the clock
will reset are you ready to begin it's
very exciting I'm gonna flip - here we
go like family fear
Lisa heads or tails tails it's heads
Lisa Oh Jennifer do you want to begin
wait a second I'll begin okay all right
all right are we ready let's put five
seconds on the clock Jennifer your first
curse word is we're off to a very strong
start
[Applause]
holy balls okay you guys are
chit-chatting what think oh it's great
okay all right I'm gonna have to take
your word for that one okay this is
brought to you that's my strong phrase
but acceptable yes yes yes no acceptable
Peter oh wow okay all right inherently
not dirty but the subtext filthy yes but
it's mean right like it's back to you
some way a classic yeah I have a teenage
son I know
he's a teenager okay eater
[Applause]
[Laughter]
Lisa uh uh we know where you are it's
okay Thank You Jimmy yes well it's your
turn
suspended what yeah you know you go you
have go ahead yes it's your turn yeah
[Applause]
Jennifer Lisa Yoga French get French on
it oh the French girls are blushing and
excited yes Jennifer back to you
faith can I get a ruling on that have we
had that one I think we have we am NOT
Lisa back to you
oh snap pants snap pants I'm sorry but
that has not occurred snap pants
can we go to our standards and practice
snap pants is Excel not bleep abaut
therefore not a curse Lisa Kudrow I'm
sorry but Jennifer Aniston
don't be scared and here's your prize
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel did you know there
are things other than pornography on the
Internet watch them on the Jimmy Kimmel
Live YouTube channel which much like
your own body I encourage you to explore
[Music]